com/example/Form/AnswerFormRepository.java
 com.example.Form.AnswerFormRepository
com/example/Form/QuestionBase.java
 com.example.Form.QuestionBase
 com.example.Form.QuestionBase$QuestionType
com/example/Form/Question.java
 com.example.Form.Question
com/example/Form/QuestionRepository.java
 com.example.Form.QuestionRepository
com/example/Form/AssignmentRepository.java
 com.example.Form.AssignmentRepository
com/example/Form/ArtifactRepository.java
 com.example.Form.ArtifactRepository
com/example/Course/Course.java
 com.example.Course.Course
com/example/MainApplication.java
 com.example.MainApplication
com/example/Form/QuestionForm.java
 com.example.Form.QuestionForm
com/example/Form/QuestionFormWithQuestions.java
 com.example.Form.QuestionFormWithQuestions
com/example/Form/Formbase.java
 com.example.Form.Formbase
 com.example.Form.Formbase$FormType
com/example/Form/AssignmentReviewController.java
 com.example.Form.AssignmentReviewController
com/example/Form/AnswerRepository.java
 com.example.Form.AnswerRepository
com/example/Form/Answer.java
 com.example.Form.Answer
com/example/Calendar/GroupCalendar.java
 com.example.Calendar.GroupCalendar
com/example/Form/Artifact.java
 com.example.Form.Artifact
 com.example.Form.Artifact$GradingCriterias
com/example/People/Instructor.java
 com.example.People.Instructor
com/example/Calendar/CourseCalendar.java
 com.example.Calendar.CourseCalendar
com/example/Chat/PrivateMessage.java
 com.example.Chat.PrivateMessage
com/example/People/Group.java
 com.example.People.Group
com/example/People/Student.java
 com.example.People.Student
com/example/Grades/GradeBook.java
 com.example.Grades.GradeBook
com/example/People/People.java
 com.example.People.People
 com.example.People.People$PeopleType
com/example/Form/Assignment.java
 com.example.Form.Assignment
 com.example.Form.Assignment$GradingCriterias
com/example/Grades/Grade.java
 com.example.Grades.Grade
 com.example.Grades.Grade$GradeType
com/example/Chat/Message.java
 com.example.Chat.Message
com/example/People/Administrator.java
 com.example.People.Administrator
com/example/Chat/GroupMessage.java
 com.example.Chat.GroupMessage
com/example/Chat/GeneralMessage.java
 com.example.Chat.GeneralMessage
com/example/Calendar/Task.java
 com.example.Calendar.Task
com/example/Form/QuestionFormRepository.java
 com.example.Form.QuestionFormRepository
com/example/Form/AnswerForm.java
 com.example.Form.AnswerForm
